"I may not have been the best combat commander, but I always strove to be. My men depended on me to carefully analyze every tactical situation, to maximize the resources that I had at my disposal, to think under pressure, and then to lead them by personal example.  Major Dick Winters"

"Owning the facts is a prerequisite to leadership. But there are millions of technocrats out there with lots of facts in their quivers and little leadership potential. In many cases, what they are missing is empathy. No one is a leader who can’t put himself or herself in the other person’s shoes. Empathy and expertise command respect.  Lieutenant General, William Pagonis"

"Ultimately, leadership is not about glorious crowning acts. It’s about keeping your team focused on a goal and motivated to do their best to achieve it, especially when the stakes are high and the consequences really matter. It is about laying the groundwork for others’ success, and then standing back and letting them shine. Chris Hadfield, Astronaut"
"When things go wrong in your command, start wading for the reason in increasingly larger concentric circles around your own desk.  General Bruce D. Clark"
"A true leader has the confidence to stand alone, the courage to make tough decisions, and the compassion to listen to the needs of others. He does not set out to be a leader, but becomes one by the equality of his actions and the integrity of his intent. General of the Army, Douglas MacArthur"
"If officers desire to have control over their commands, they must remain habitually with them, industriously attend to their instruction and comfort, and in battle lead them well. Stonewall Jackson"
"Leadership is of the spirit, compounded of personality and vision: its practice is an art. Management is of the mind, more a matter of accurate calculation, of statistics, of methods, timetables and routine; its practice is a science. Managers are necessary; leaders are essential. Field Marshal Sir Bill Slim, Governor General of Australia"
"Success is not final; failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts."
"It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation."
"The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same."
“Success usually comes to those who are too busy looking for it.”
“Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success.”
"Nothing in the world can take the place of Persistence. Talent will not; nothing is more common than unsuccessful men with talent. Genius will not; unrewarded genius is almost a proverb. Education will not; the world is full of educated derelicts. The slogan 'Press On' has solved and always will solve the problems of the human race."
“There are three ways to ultimate success: The first way is to be kind. The second way is to be kind. The third way is to be kind.”
“Success is peace of mind, which is a direct result of self-satisfaction in knowing you made the effort to become the best of which you are capable.” 
“I never dreamed about success. I worked for it.” 
“Success is getting what you want, happiness is wanting what you get.”
“The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees opportunity in every difficulty."
“Don’t let yesterday take up too much of today.” 
“You learn more from failure than from success. Don’t let it stop you. Failure builds character.”
“If you are working on something that you really care about, you don’t have to be pushed. The vision pulls you.” 
“Experience is a hard teacher because she gives the test first, the lesson afterwards.” 
“To know how much there is to know is the beginning of learning to live.” 
“Goal setting is the secret to a compelling future.”
“Concentrate all your thoughts upon the work in hand. The sun's rays do not burn until brought to a focus. “ 
“Either you run the day or the day runs you.” 
“I’m a greater believer in luck, and I find the harder I work the more I have of it.” 
“When we strive to become better than we are, everything around us becomes better too.” 
“Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.”
“Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible.” 
“Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle. As with all matters of the heart, you'll know when you find it.” 
“It’s not about better time management. It’s about better life management”
“He who conquers himself is the mightiest warrior.”
“Try not to become a man of success, but rather become a man of value.”
“One man with courage makes a majority.”
“One secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes.”
“A man who has committed a mistake and doesn’t correct it is committing another mistake.”
“The successful man will profit from his mistakes and try again in a different way.”
“A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him.”
“He is a wise man who does not grieve for the things which he has not, but rejoices for those which he has.”
“Talent wins games, but teamwork and intelligence win championships.” 
“Individual commitment to a group effort—that is what makes a team work, a company work, a society work, a civilisation work.” 
“Teamwork is the ability to work together toward a common vision. The ability to direct individual accomplishments toward organizational objectives. It is the fuel that allows common people to attain uncommon results.”
“Coming together is a beginning. Keeping together is progress. Working together is success.”
“Alone we can do so little, together we can do so much.”
“Remember, teamwork begins by building trust. And the only way to do that is to overcome our need for invulnerability.”
“I invite everyone to choose forgiveness rather than division, teamwork over personal ambition.”
“Just one small positive thought in the morning can change your whole day.” 
“Opportunities don't happen, you create them.” 
“Love your family, work super hard, live your passion.” 
“It is never too late to be what you might have been.” 
“Don't let someone else's opinion of you become your reality” 
“If you’re not positive energy, you’re negative energy.”
“I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions.”
“The greatest discovery of my generation is that a human being can alter his life by altering his attitudes.”
“One of the differences between some successful and unsuccessful people is that one group is full of doers, while the other is full of wishers.”
“I’d rather regret the things I’ve done than regret the things I haven’t done.”
"You cannot plow a field by turning it over in your mind. To begin, begin."
“When you arise in the morning think of what a privilege it is to be alive, to think, to enjoy, to love…”
“Mondays are the start of the work week which offer new beginnings 52 times a year!“
“Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice.”
“Your Monday morning thoughts set the tone for your whole week. See yourself getting stronger, and living a fulfilling, happier & healthier life.”
“Friday sees more smiles than any other day of the workweek!”
“Oh! It’s Friday again. Share the love that was missing during the week. In a worthy moment of peace and bliss.”
“Every Friday, I like to high five myself for getting through another week on little more than caffeine, willpower, and inappropriate humor.”
“Make a Friday a day to celebrate work well done that you can be proud of knowing that you just didn’t put in time to the next paycheck.”
“When you leave work on Friday, leave work. Don’t let technology follow you throughout your weekend (answering text messages and emails) take a break you will be more refreshed to begin the workweek if you have had a break.”
“You can get everything in life you want if you will just help enough other people get what they want.” 
“Inspiration does exist, but it must find you working.” 
“Don't settle for average. Bring your best to the moment. Then, whether it fails or succeeds, at least you know you gave all you had.” 
“Show up, show up, show up, and after a while the muse shows up, too.”
“Don't bunt. Aim out of the ballpark. Aim for the company of immortals.”
“I have stood on a mountain of no’s for one yes.”
“If you believe something needs to exist, if it's something you want to use yourself, don't let anyone ever stop you from doing it.”
“Don't look at your feet to see if you are doing it right. Just dance.” 
“Someone's sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago.”
“True freedom is impossible without a mind made free by discipline.” 
“Rivers know this: there is no hurry. We shall get there some day.” 
“There is a vitality, a life force, an energy, a quickening that is translated through you into action, and because there is only one of you in all time, this expression is unique. And if you block it, it will never exist through any other medium and will be lost.”
“Small is not just a stepping-stone. Small is a great destination itself.”
“He that can have patience can have what he will.” 
“The only one who can tell you “you can’t win” is you and you don’t have to listen.” 
“Set your goals high, and don’t stop till you get there.” 
“Take your victories, whatever they may be, cherish them, use them, but don’t settle for them.”
“Life can be much broader once you discover one simple fact: Everything around you that you call life was made up by people that were no smarter than you. And you can change it, you can influence it… Once you learn that, you'll never be the same again.”
“Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance you must keep moving.”
“What you do speaks so loudly that I cannot hear what you say.” 
“I have never let my schooling interfere with my education.” 
“If you can't yet do great things, do small things in a great way.” 
“If you really want to do something, you'll find a way. If you don't, you'll find an excuse.”
“Be sure you put your feet in the right place, then stand firm.” 
“Live out of your imagination, not your history.” 
“Do not wait for the perfect time and place to enter, for you are already onstage.”
“The greater the difficulty, the more the glory in surmounting it.”
"Courage doesn't always roar. Sometimes courage is a quiet voice at the end of the day saying, "I will try again tomorrow."
“If the decisions you make about where you invest your blood, sweat, and tears are not consistent with the person you aspire to be, you’ll never become that person.”
“Fear of what other people will think is the single most paralyzing dynamic in business and in life. The best moment of my life was the day I realized that I no longer give a damn what anybody thinks. That’s enormously liberating and freeing, and it’s the only way to live your life and do your business” — Cindy Gallop
“The only way of discovering the limits of the possible is to venture a little way past them into the impossible.” ―Arthur C. Clarke
"Worry is a misuse of imagination."  
“Courage is the most important of all the virtues because without courage, you can't practice any other virtue consistently.”
"I never look back, darling. It distracts from the now."
"A year from now you will wish you had started today."
"The reason we struggle with insecurity is because we compare our behind-the-scenes with everyone else’s highlight reel."
"Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known.”
“I will not lose, for even in defeat, there’s a valuable lesson learned, so it evens up for me.”
“I do not try to dance better than anyone else. I only try to dance better than myself.”
“If you don’t risk anything, you risk even more.”
"Your weak, get stronger"
"The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be"
"Once you learn to quit, it becomes a habit."
"A year from now you may wish you had started today"
"Don’t give up on your dreams, or your dreams will give up on you."
“The last three or four reps is what makes the muscle grow. This area of pain divides a champion from someone who is not a champion.”
“Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it.”
"Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen."
“All progress takes place outside the comfort zone.”
"Look in the mirror. That’s your competition"
"Tough times don’t last. Tough people do."
"Put all excuses aside and remember this: You are capable."




